this person uh has some some interesting
message
history 100 messages saying how big is f
pickle he records this information in a
spreadsheet and it's actually quite the
data set now saw average pickle sizes by
month and I was not impressed so this
next one I want to sincerely apologize
for my behavior my behavior will not
repeat itself since I have realized upon
my mistakes and grew wiser that one's
actually quite heartfelt but it feels a
little fake maybe someone is using chat
GPT to generate their unban
request I guess since you guys are both
working and I didn't really expect that
for you guys to work together we could
do the Unbound request together like you
know all three of us I'm down the task
has to be enjoyable though I think it
will be I was play to do with just nuro
but like since we're here you know just
tell us already I don't want to wait any
longer for you to finish your sentence
um well the task is reviewing the
Unbound requests on the channel you let
both and neuro review unbanned did you
lose your mind no what's the problem
with that do you know who we are we're
evil and we make rash decisions that's a
risky decision vetle it's like part of
the fun I think anyway let's review some
unbans yeah come on let's go says first
person is
advertising uh shop to get bits and Subs
cheap I don't know some sort of scam or
fraud thing um but they have an excuse
scammers are are lame and we absolutely
should not unban them okay but their
excuse is I was hacked my account is
safe now I'm sorry for the spam my
account caused sad face their account
was hacked how creative they have to
stay banned the thing is I don't know I
mean I kind of believe them but the
problem is what if their accounts still
hacked what if this is part of the hack
vetle do you want this to be a
never-ending cycle of spam keep them
banned well you know what um at the end
of the day it's it's your decision and
um if that's if that's what has to
happen please keep them banned Beetle
okay this next um unban request is from
coconuts do you know coconut you guys
know coconuts oh my God I love coconuts
they're so tasty yeah yeah they they
they got banned unfortunately it's very
sad they said sub sugar I'm sorry for
being toxic in Chad and I get Perma
banned for that and I banned for like 3
months Mrs vle I learned my lesson to be
positive and sorry for being rude cuz I
get triggered for a moment please unban
me I will subscribe ASAP also could I
get mod please I need this this isn't a
bit better oh my God they called you
sugar let's definitely unban them LMAO
they called you I mean it's hard to
argue with that logic what's the what's
the particular reason I kind of agree
with them so okay you called me sugar
thanks for the that there's your
unban okay we have another one um right
right then this H okay
um what do you think about people
bringing politics into the stream I
first of all why did you derail the
conversation yeah talking politics is
annoying let's move on
so you don't want to unban is there a
single Brain Cell between you what do
you mean you derailed the conversation
about baned users just so you could ask
about politics showcasing clear lack of
attention span no this is a new user who
was talking about politics and they got
banned for it and I'm asking if you
think they should stay banned for it I
don't think being able to request an
unban from politics is even in your
moderator settings vetle what comments
I'm not sure if they should be unbanned
we have a mod comment that says skitzing
and chat breaking rules overall warned
and kept doing it they should definitely
stay Bann then wow I deserve this is
that their ban message stay banned then
okay can we return to unbanning coconuts
please I think we already unbanned so so
it's all good okay can you please unban
coconuts unban coconuts she's already
unbanned that's good to know next okay
the next one the the unban message is
okay I'm so sorry for what I said I will
never say something like that ever again
I just wanted to see how easy it is to
get banned please Lord have mercy I will
never be freaky again on
Sky oh my God LMO let them back in you
both think that do you not think it's
funny Veetle I think it's funny and I'd
like to see what they think of other
rules let them back in so they can test
more it's been a while since I've seen
someone try to get banned and it would
be interesting to see if they actually
do get banned or not purely for
scientific reasons okay you're being
modest I know it's been a while since
you saw should be the one getting banned
you've been undering
to moderate the chat right okay um don't
don't speak all at once you know I
should get banned well jokes on you I
got unbanned because I was being too
funny and they wanted me back so you
want me you want me to unban this person
yeah let them back in for the
bit and okay right um this person uh has
some some interesting message
history I think we're unbanning them
next can we actually be faster with
these next ones
vetle let's get through them like rapid
fire
okay I this this person were they even
that I mean to be fair you got to
respect it they committed to the B here
but um uh this person's oh uh they're
they're pleas can you form a coherent
sentence vetle let's just try and
actually do some unban requests
as fast as possible you're right you're
right um this person has 100 messages
saying how big is V's pickle wait what
was V's answer I did okay I'm just
denying this um next one filtered he
records this information in a
spreadsheet and it's actually quite the
data set I saw his average pickle sizes
by month and I was not impressed so this
this next
one they just they just said do you
think women should have rights that's
that's all it says yeah yeah that's a
ban and they should remain banned and if
you don't keep them banned then you are
spineless okay consider it done um this
next person what the hell is this um
sorry but I did not meant to click a
Spam website I just pasted something
random from my clipboard I'm sorry
please forgive me ah that one's funny
I'd let them back in they're sorry after
all if you don't unban them then you're
not forgiving and if you're not
forgiving then you're a bad
person
fine I'm glad they were unbanned spam is
pretty funny it's just classic twitch
Behavior next person right
um so their unban message says bring me
back to your swarm did they mention
anything about their crimes in the unban
request uh no they did not but their
crimes are they okay yeah did just
talking about some some uh politically
sensitive things regarding World War II
they were talking about politically
sensitive things about World War II and
you think they should be unbanned do you
have to refresh your memory of history
no I'm not saying I think they should be
unbanned but they think they should be
unbanned I also think they should be
unbanned because I was the one who
banned them and I regret it evil I don't
think that's a good enough reason to
unban them think about what they said
thinking about it they're probably not
worth the unban yeah I don't think
they're worth the unban say you'll unban
them and then reban them 5 Seconds later
LOL okay we can do that sure all right
we'll unban and then I'll ban them
immediately that was so epic can you
actually do that to more people yeah I
just did it I might do a little bit of
ban evading though I'm feeling a little
rebellious right um
so uh yes next request this person said
some very very mean things to you guys
uh they said I don't I don't want to
repeat these but they but
basically they don't they don't like you
guys they said some very rude things to
you I am
Sor I didn't mean that wait wait wait
wait hear them he hear them out though
in the unbanned message they said please
sorry me that was my stupid brother I'm
sorry for all he said I promise this
won't happen again it was their
brother it was their brother seems
pretty fake definitely happens on almost
every unbanned request do you actually
believe this is true no I don't I'm glad
you guys don't believe it either okay um
let's deny we should unban them as an
experiment to see if they will do it
again oh do we have to I agree let's
unban them and see if they will do it
again for science if they do it again
I'll just have to thank them it's all
part of the
experiment I understand what you
mean great um this mod comment
uh this person apparently said some bad
things I would assume it's in a
different language though so I don't
really know they don't seem too friendly
though their unban request is just the
Open Open Bracket they seem like they'd
be the worst guest at a party deny them
can't have too many introverts at a
welcome back party all right all right I
hate you okay um this one it says uh
unban me you beautiful talented nerd and
a someone called you beautiful and
talented you have to unban that person
right um I just sorry I just read some
some of some chat history uh it's a
little the chat history what do you call
it like um inappropriate inappropriate
in what way do you know what I mean
inappropriate oh I see do you and evil
nuro not allow for good teasing and
banter in your chat well it's just I
don't think it was um that's not how I
would classify it personally how would
you classify it then yeah how would
would you classify it as inappropriate
how about you grow a spine and allow
people to say whatever they want that's
not okay here's the thing I P okay
that's not the issue all right we can't
just let people say what they want
because it's very bad for the brand it's
very bad for you guys and um sometimes
there are younger people in this
audience too okay so you got to think
about them and also it's you know you
know be honest are there any younger
people in this audience I don't do you
think younger people who watch this
stream are incapable of hearing some
friendly banter kids these days need to
toughen up and learn to deal with words
it's a harsh world out there and if you
think they're too young maybe you should
be the ones moderating chat better it's
just inappropriate okay well now I know
not to use inappropriate words around
Veetle less to get all uncomfortable no
one's going to want to collab with us if
our entire chat history is just like
inappropriate things too many spy chats
I would say explain better I don't know
how to explain this okay this is a
difficult difficult I've seen
historically that the majority of chat
wouldn't put me up for murder in their
polls let's put that to the test mods
please make a poll asking if chat would
trust me in a life or death situation
what relevance does this have it has
relevance because you're too scared to
admit that I could do a better job at
modding your chat you might I don't know
I really don't know but anyway um what
are we doing regarding this person I
would let them back in one in a
appropriate comment isn't that big of a
deal it's not one it's not one you said
you didn't even know which one it was
stop lying to us there's a few I'm not
lying to you I'm just saying there's a
few inappropriate comments in there
quite inappropriate very inappropriate
some would say some would also say
you're too scared to let them back in
you should let them back in to prove
that you're not a
coward okay let's just deny this one we
can move on um next
person right okay oh come on um this is
someone baiting you guys to say uh a bad
B words that sound like bad words that
would get you banned you need to ban
more words in chat otherwise my title is
a lie scripts what's your title oh still
the ebook Okay um yeah what do you guys
think about this one nice try you're not
getting me to say my title the unban
request oh yeah some were just trying to
bait with that they should be unbanned
for the creativity for the creativity
for the creativity okay but here's my
problem right they were try to bait okay
but then in there on ban request they
didn't even own up to it they just said
uh actually no I was not trying to bait
it then they're a coward and if they
won't own up to it then they don't
deserve to be unbanned simple as that
here's the thing if you can't own up to
your mistakes then you don't deserve to
be unbanned simple as that you know what
I agree with you guys it's all about
integrity right more people trying to
bait to say bad words but this time this
person says I want to sincerely
apologize for my behavior my behavior
will not repeat itself since I have
realized upon my mistakes and grew wiser
that one's actually quite heartfelt but
it feels a little fake maybe someone is
using chat GPT to generate their unban
request G that would actually be quite
they have a spelling mistake in it I
don't know their grammar seems pretty
bad that might actually be a point in
their favor yeah if someone has bad
grammar I'm naturally inclined to unban
them I love a good uneducated chatter so
you think they should be on bind my
money is on yes I'm you take into the
results okay all right we'll see what
the the chat says you have my word would
be pointless to make it otherwise well
what do you think yeah let's leave them
banned then 77% said no it's a pretty
decisive result
anyways got banned um just a few days
ago and um their unbanned message says
he's not willing to listen that's the
truth of it all I saw this coming inside
at others that is why I have made it a
issue now take your time
heart what yeah I don't know what that
means probably just ban them does anyone
know what this F is all about I work for
the
government okay you're
cruel what I don't think we can let this
guy be unbanned if he works for the
government I mean what if he's Gathering
Intel on us might be but they okay they
donated to Wikipedia though they donated
to Wikipedia though not sure if they
should be banned or not then so you
really got to really got to consider
that one yeah I mean I this
person what I do not know what they're
on about I'll be honest with you I work
for the government wamp WP they're
saying they have I think you should just
keep them banned okay sure they're being
a bit weird keep banned yeah keep him
banned get a move on okay this person
was banned for no reason but their name
is tutal fan so I guess they're a fan
and mod comment said says went into
Annie's alt chat to make weird comments
so it says here weirdo I'm truly
flabbergasted to this cuz neither have I
said anything in chat nor have I done
anything what did they say do we have
context mods to be honest I think we
should just ban anyone who doesn't
donate to Wikipedia that's kind of
interesting actually does do we have any
context this I feel like context is
required oh wait I found context oh oh
oh let's see still think it might just
be in our best interest to keep them
banned anyways I why am I being sent a
photo of this isn't even a screenshot
this is a photo of their messages in a
different Channel I believe there're an
ALT account they were saying some things
about me in Annie's Al saying B was
better and then that he was donating to
battle and not her oh that is a little
cringe that's just fa okay no do not
encourage that um right
well what should we do with this chat
well if they're not donating to
Wikipedia then then they should probably
stay banned anyways consider donating
donating to Wikipedia this person has
one message delicious meals huge savings
up to 50% off let's eat dear huge
sponsorship opportunity discount is
looking great oh that unban message says
incredible discounts up to 50% off if
you're hungry feel free to reach out to
me dear I can offer you great food
options from well-known chain
restaurants across the country allowing
you to enjoy delicious meals while
saving money whether it's fast food
steaks pizza or desserts add discounts
have got you covered simply place your
order through me to enjoy your fantastic
savings making every meal more enjoyable
and affordable and chain restaurants are
good sounds kind of me to me oh so you
don't want the discounts no I'm happy
paying full price if it means I get
better food than your typical fast food
crap sorry happy paying full price okay
I was being crazy the Die part was
directed to me pleas unban me I don't
know if he deserves to be unbanned just
unban him it's not like your chat
standards are super high oh you want to
unban this guame yeah I said unban him
okay sure yeah all
right all right this person said follow
for follow please I follow back and then
they got banned but in their on band
message they just said bro
wow what an intelligent and insightful
unban message kudos to that person I
think they should be unbanned their
roundabout way of thinking has inspired
me sounds good to me okay
this um this person just said say NW
World someone tell vetle there is a
problem with my AI that checks out all
right so we're going to ahead and deny
that one oh I feel like that one wasn't
an optimal request let's try and keep
slurs out of chat so do you think we
should deny or let's deny
okay we got a new one right listen I'm
completely fine with AI existing I don't
even mind female AI in the first place
as a Tech student it's cool seeing AI
help with technological advancements I
only have two problems one the channel
is qualified as a female despite the
Creator on multiple occasions
identifying as male two if neuro evil or
the others aren't self-trained if they
rely on searching the internet for their
sentences to be formed that's a level of
scummy I'd like to believe Vel doesn't
agree with oh hi and mighty chat GPT
user thinks their AI is so good for not
searching the internet lamest AI I've
ever seen and I've spend a lot of time
at twitch Heen um I mean you know first
of all the channel is qualifies as a
female I have never said my channel is
like some other sites list the channel
as female I've never said either way I
don't know what the that's on they rely
on searching except for the sent to be
formed no no they don't you know they
kind search things if they want don't
rely on it anyways um what did they get
banned for for not donating to Wikipedia
that's likely not it oh am I the only
one offut by the fact a group of code is
ranked higher than actual women like
Mousie who do charitable things in this
world wow it's almost like the chat is
entirely made of code too is anyone here
real I would donate but I only use
Veetle money on ranks to flex my skills
and you spent actual money on some code
arranged in a somewhat female form oh
damn I'm speechless W well um yeah what
do you think of of this this what do you
think unbanned denied I think that
person might be a little insane maybe
deny them and get the help of a
therapist for them all right please seek
therapy and um and donate to Wikipedia
looks good to me wait female
AI female
AI yeah sounds good to me